So in this particular case what we've done is we've used structuring to initialize our values.
Now another thing you can do is actually destructuring assignments so what this means is that I could
set an initial value for these variables and then after I do that I can use destructuring to set these
variables to new values after I've already initialized them so what we'll do is of course common themes
out I'm going to copy this right here and then I'm going to put it down here actually I'll have to copy
it again.
I miss that.
There we go.
Now that I have that I can throw those in maybe bring them back like so.
Then after that what I'll do is I'll make some variable's down here.
So in this case we'll do let's say let's say of equals true and then reload equals true or matter of
fact we'll set them to false just to really illustrate this to you or set them to false.
So now by default there are going to be false.
So now if I say this you'll see it prints out false down here.
So what I can do now is instead I'll take and put them inside a parentheses and do save comma reload
inside of the curly braces and then set it equal to what did I need in this example right here.
So now it's going to automatically change.
Change them to true.
So why did I do this.
Why did I put them inside of parentheses.
Well this is a little different from what we did before with destructuring initialization.
See what happens is typically whenever javascript engines read curly braces they expect it to be a block
statement.
OK.
And the problem with that is block statements aren't supposed to appear on the left hand side of an
assignment.
Right.
They're supposed to typically appear on the right hand side of an assignment if you're making like an
object literal or something like what we've done up here.
Notice that the curly braces on the right side of the equal sign.
And so when a javascript engine reads this kid typically it's going to read the Left first right because
we're doing an initialization.
So it reads a lot and then it reads curly braces so it automatically knows that we're doing destructuring
in this particular case it doesn't know that.
So it's thinking that it might be something wrong and it could throw an error.
So what do we do.
We wrap it inside of parentheses and by doing this we make sure that javascript treats this as an expression
which allows this new assignment right here to finish out.
Now we can see what happens if we take away the parentheses like.
So you see we get a syntax error right here and it has this unexpected token.
Because it's not expecting there to be an assignment after a code block like that.
So we wrap it in parentheses.
Javascript treats it like an expression which allows the assignment of these new values to happen.
It's kind of like whenever we do if he's right we wrap it inside of parentheses so that way it's treated
as an expression and it's allowed to finish getting set up and executing.